Joshua 1:9 "Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous! Do not tremble or be dismayed, for The Lord your God is with you wherever you go"
Ephesians 4:29 "Let no unwholesome word proceed from your mouth, but only such a word as is good for edification according to the need of the moment, that it may give grace to those who hear."
Philippians 3:7-8 "But whatever things were gain to me, those things I have counted as loss for the sake of Christ. More than that, I count all things to be loss in view of the surpassing value of knowing Christ Jesus my Lord, for whom I have suffered the loss of all things, and count them but rubbish in order that I may gain Christ"
1 COR 10:13 No temptation has seized you except what is common to man. And God is faithful; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear. But when you are tempted, he will also provide a way out so that you can stand up under it.
1 COR 15:33 Do not be misled: "Bad company corrupts good character."
JN 13:13-15 "You call me `Teacher' and `Lord,' and rightly so, for that is what I am. Now that I, your Lord and Teacher, have washed your feet, you also should wash one another's feet. I have set you an example that you should do as I have done for you.
JN 6:27 Do not work for food that spoils, but for food that endures to eternal life, which the Son of Man will give you. On him God the Father has placed his seal of approval."
MT 4:3-3 The tempter came to him and said, "If you are the Son of God, tell these stones to become bread." Jesus answered, "It is written: `Man does not live on bread alone, but on every word that comes from the mouth of God.' "
GAL 6:1-2 Brothers, if someone is caught in a sin, you who are spiritual should restore him gently. But watch yourself, or you also may be tempted. Carry each other's burdens, and in this way you will fulfill the law of Christ.
1 JN 2:15 Do not love the world or anything in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him.
JN 12:25 The man who loves his life will lose it, while the man who hates his life in this world will keep it for eternal life.
JN 11:25 ..."I am the resurrection and the life. He who believes in me will live, even though he dies;
2 TIM 2:22 Flee the evil desires of youth, and pursue righteousness, faith, love and peace, along with those who call on the Lord out of a pure heart.
1JN 5:3-5 This is love for God: to obey his commands. And his commands are not burdensome, for everyone born of God overcomes the world. This is the victory that has overcome the world, even our faith. Who is it that overcomes the world? Only he who believes that Jesus is the Son of God.
HEB 13:15 Through Jesus, therefore, let us continually offer to God a sacrifice of praise--the fruit of lips that confess his name.
JOSH 1:8 Do not let this Book of the Law depart from your mouth; meditate on it day and night, so that you may be careful to do everything written in it. Then you will be prosperous and successful.
ROM 12:1 Therefore, I urge you, brothers, in view of God's mercy, to offer your bodies as living sacrifices, holy and pleasing to God--this is your spiritual act of worship.
JN 14:21 Whoever has my commands and obeys them, he is the one who loves me. He who loves me will be loved by my Father, and I too will love him and show myself to him."
HEB 10:24-25 And let us consider how we may spur one another on toward love and good deeds. Let us not give up meeting together, as some are in the habit of doing, but let us encourage one another--and all the more as you see the Day approaching.
PHIL 4:6-7 Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.
JN 15:7 If you remain in me and my words remain in you, ask whatever you wish, and it will be given you.
JN 16:23 In that day you will no longer ask me anything. I tell you the truth, my Father will give you whatever you ask in my name.
1 THESS 5:16-18 Be joyful always; pray continually; give thanks in all circumstances, for this is God's will for you in Christ Jesus.
ROM 1:16 I am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of God for the salvation of everyone who believes: first for the Jew, then for the Gentile.
MT 4:19 "Come, follow me," Jesus said, "and I will make you fishers of men."
JN 6:63 The Spirit gives life; the flesh counts for nothing. The words I have spoken to you are spirit and they are life.
1 JN 5:11-13 And this is the testimony: God has given us eternal life, and this life is in his Son. He who has the Son has life; he who does not have the Son of God does not have life. I write these things to you who believe in the name of the Son of God so that you may know that you have eternal life.
1 JN 4:6 We are from God, and whoever knows God listens to us; but whoever is not from God does not listen to us. This is how we recognize the Spirit of truth and the spirit of falsehood.
JAS 1:2-3 Consider it pure joy, my brothers, whenever you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith develops perseverance.
JAS 1:5 If any of you lacks wisdom, he should ask God, who gives generously to all without finding fault, and it will be given to him.
JAS 1:12 Blessed is the man who perseveres under trial, because when he has stood the test, he will receive the crown of life that God has promised to those who love him.
JAS 1:16-17 Don't be deceived, my dear brothers. Every good and perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father of the heavenly lights, who does not change like shifting shadows.
JAS 1:20 for man's anger does not bring about the righteous life that God desires.
JAS 1:23-25 Anyone who listens to the word but does not do what it says is like a man who looks at his face in a mirror and, after looking at himself, goes away and immediately forgets what he looks like. But the man who looks intently into the perfect law that gives freedom, and continues to do this, not forgetting what he has heard, but doing it--he will be blessed in what he does.
JAS 2:2-4 Suppose a man comes into your meeting wearing a gold ring and fine clothes, and a poor man in shabby clothes also comes in. If you show special attention to the man wearing fine clothes and say, "Here's a good seat for you," but say to the poor man, "You stand there" or "Sit on the floor by my feet," have you not discriminated among yourselves and become judges with evil thoughts?
JAS 2:14-17 What good is it, my brothers, if a man claims to have faith but has no deeds? Can such faith save him? Suppose a brother or sister is without clothes and daily food. If one of you says to him, "Go, I wish you well; keep warm and well fed," but does nothing about his physical needs, what good is it? In the same way, faith by itself, if it is not accompanied by action, is dead.
JAS 4:6 But he gives us more grace. That is why Scripture says: "God opposes the proud but gives grace to the humble." 
JAS 4:8 Come near to God and he will come near to you. Wash your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you double-minded.
JAS 4:10 Humble yourselves before the Lord, and he will lift you up.
JAS 5:7-8 Be patient, then, brothers, until the Lord's coming. See how the farmer waits for the land to yield its valuable crop and how patient he is for the autumn and spring rains. You too, be patient and stand firm, because the Lord's coming is near.
JAS 5:13 Is any one of you in trouble? He should pray. Is anyone happy? Let him sing songs of praise.
PS 3:4 To the LORD I cry aloud, and he answers me from his holy hill.
PS 7:10 My shield is God Most High, who saves the upright in heart.
PS 8:9 O LORD, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth!
PS 9:1 I will praise you, O LORD, with all my heart; I will tell of all your wonders.
PS 9:7 The LORD reigns forever; he has established his throne for judgment.
EX 3:14 God said to Moses, "I AM WHO I AM. This is what you are to say to the Israelites: `I AM has sent me to you.'"
1SAM 2:2 "There is no one holy like the LORD; there is no one besides you; there is no Rock like our God.
PS 48:1 Great is the LORD, and most worthy of praise, in the city of our God, his holy mountain.
PS 98:1 Sing to the LORD a new song, for he has done marvelous things; his right hand and his holy arm have worked salvation for him.
PS 145:21 My mouth will speak in praise of the LORD. Let every creature praise his holy name for ever and ever.
IS 6:3 And they were calling to one another: "Holy, holy, holy is the LORD Almighty; the whole earth is full of his glory."
ROM 11:16 If the part of the dough offered as firstfruits is holy, then the whole batch is holy; if the root is holy, so are the branches.
HEB 13:12 And so Jesus also suffered outside the city gate to make the people holy through his own blood.
1PET 2:9 But you are a chosen people, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a people belonging to God, that you may declare the praises of him who called you out of darkness into his wonderful light.
REV 15:4 Who will not fear you, O Lord, and bring glory to your name? For you alone are holy. All nations will come and worship before you, for your righteous acts have been revealed."
MIC 4:4 Every man will sit under his own vine and under his own fig tree, and no one will make them afraid, for the LORD Almighty has spoken.
REV 21:4 He will wipe every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain, for the old order of things has passed away."
IS 25:1 O LORD, you are my God; I will exalt you and praise your name, for in perfect faithfulness you have done marvelous things, things planned long ago.
MT 11:25 At that time Jesus said, "I praise you, Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because you have hidden these things from the wise and learned, and revealed them to little children.
PS 126:6 He who goes out weeping, carrying seed to sow, will return with songs of joy, carrying sheaves with him.
JN 16:20 I tell you the truth, you will weep and mourn while the world rejoices. You will grieve, but your grief will turn to joy.
EPH 5:2 and live a life of love, just as Christ loved us and gave himself up for us as a fragrant offering and sacrifice to God.
1JN 4:10 This is love: not that we loved God, but that he loved us and sent his Son as an atoning sacrifice for our sins.
MK 10:27 Jesus looked at them and said, "With man this is impossible, but not with God; all things are possible with God."
2TIM 3:16 All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness,
ROM 8:38-39 For I am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
LK 9:62 Jesus replied, "No one who puts his hand to the plow and looks back is fit for service in the kingdom of God."
HAG 2:23 "`On that day,' declares the LORD Almighty, `I will take you, my servant Zerubbabel son of Shealtiel,' declares the LORD, `and I will make you like my signet ring, for I have chosen you,' declares the LORD Almighty."
ROM 8:31 What, then, shall we say in response to this? If God is for us, who can be against us?
DEUT 7:22 The LORD your God will drive out those nations before you, little by little. You will not be allowed to eliminate them all at once, or the wild animals will multiply around you.
1JN 4:20 If anyone says, "I love God," yet hates his brother, he is a liar. For anyone who does not love his brother, whom he has seen, cannot love God, whom he has not seen.
MIC 6:8 He has showed you, O man, what is good. And what does the LORD require of you? To act justly and to love mercy and to walk humbly with your God.
PROV 22:6 Train up a child in the way he should go: and when he is old, he will not depart from it.
PS 91:2 I will say of the LORD, "He is my refuge and my fortress, my God, in whom I trust."
PS 91:14 "Because he loves me," says the LORD, "I will rescue him; I will protect him, for he acknowledges my name.
PS 131:1 My heart is not proud, O LORD, my eyes are not haughty; I do not concern myself with great matters or things too wonderful for me.
1 Kings 19:11-12 The LORD said, "Go out and stand on the mountain in the presence of the LORD, for the LORD is about to pass by." Then a great and powerful wind tore the mountains apart and shattered the rocks before the LORD, but the LORD was not in the wind. After the wind there was an earthquake, but the LORD was not in the earthquake. After the earthquake came a fire, but the LORD was not in the fire. And after the fire came a gentle whisper.
PROV 6:1-5 My son, if you have put up security for your neighbor, if you have struck hands in pledge for another, if you have been trapped by what you said, ensnared by the words of your mouth, then do this, my son, to free yourself, since you have fallen into your neighbor's hands: Go and humble yourself; press your plea with your neighbor! Allow no sleep to your eyes, no slumber to your eyelids. Free yourself, like a gazelle from the hand of the hunter, like a bird from the snare of the fowler.
PROV 6:14 who plots evil with deceit in his heart-- he always stirs up dissension.
PROV 6:16-19 There are six things the LORD hates, seven that are detestable to him: haughty eyes, a lying tongue, hands that shed innocent blood, a heart that devises wicked schemes, feet that are quick to rush into evil, a false witness who pours out lies and a man who stirs up dissension among brothers.
PROV 6:20 My son, keep your father's commands and do not forsake your mother's teaching.
PROV 1:7 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge, but fools despise wisdom and discipline.
PROV 9:10 "The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom, and knowledge of the Holy One is understanding.
PROV 10:27 The fear of the LORD adds length to life, but the years of the wicked are cut short.
PROV 14:27 The fear of the LORD is a fountain of life, turning a man from the snares of death.
PROV 15:16 Better a little with the fear of the LORD than great wealth with turmoil.
PROV 15:33 The fear of the LORD teaches a man wisdom, and humility comes before honor.
PROV 16:6 Through love and faithfulness sin is atoned for; through the fear of the LORD a man avoids evil.
PROV 19:23 The fear of the LORD leads to life: Then one rests content, untouched by trouble.
PROV 22:4 Humility and the fear of the LORD bring wealth and honor and life.
PROV 23:17 Do not let your heart envy sinners, but always be zealous for the fear of the LORD.
PROV 10:6 Blessings crown the head of the righteous, but violence overwhelms the mouth of the wicked. 
PROV 10:14 Wise men store up knowledge, but the mouth of a fool invites ruin.
PROV 10:24 What the wicked dreads will overtake him; what the righteous desire will be granted.
PROV 10:28 The prospect of the righteous is joy, but the hopes of the wicked come to nothing.
PROV 11:1 The LORD abhors dishonest scales, but accurate weights are his delight.
PROV 11:15 He who puts up security for another will surely suffer, but whoever refuses to strike hands in pledge is safe.
PROV 11:28 Whoever trusts in his riches will fall, but the righteous will thrive like a green leaf.
PS 8:3-5 When I consider your heavens, the work of your fingers, the moon and the stars, which you have set in place, what is man that you are mindful of him, the son of man that you care for him? You made him a little lower than the heavenly beings and crowned him with glory and honor.
PS 9:1-2 I will praise you, O LORD, with all my heart; I will tell of all your wonders. I will be glad and rejoice in you; I will sing praise to your name, O Most High.
PS 18:1 I love you, O LORD, my strength.
PS 91:1-2 He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High will rest in the shadow of the Almighty. I will say of the LORD, "He is my refuge and my fortress, my God, in whom I trust."
PS 91:9-12 If you make the Most High your dwelling-- even the LORD, who is my refuge--then no harm will befall you, no disaster will come near your tent. For he will command his angels concerning you to guard you in all your ways; they will lift you up in their hands, so that you will not strike your foot against a stone.
PS 92:5 How great are your works, O LORD, how profound your thoughts!
PS 94:12-14 Blessed is the man you discipline, O LORD, the man you teach from your law; you grant him relief from days of trouble, till a pit is dug for the wicked. For the LORD will not reject his people; he will never forsake his inheritance.
PS 131 My heart is not proud, O LORD, my eyes are not haughty; I do not concern myself with great matters or things too wonderful for me. But I have stilled and quieted my soul; like a weaned child with its mother, like a weaned child is my soul within me. O Israel, put your hope in the LORD both now and forevermore.
MIC 5:1-2 Marshal your troops, O city of troops, for a siege is laid against us. They will strike Israel's ruler on the cheek with a rod. "But you, Bethlehem Ephrathah, though you are small among the clans of Judah, out of you will come for me one who will be ruler over Israel, whose origins are from of old, from ancient times."
REV 1:14-17 His head and hair were white like wool, as white as snow, and his eyes were like blazing fire. His feet were like bronze glowing in a furnace, and his voice was like the sound of rushing waters. In his right hand he held seven stars, and out of his mouth came a sharp double-edged sword. His face was like the sun shining in all its brilliance. When I saw him, I fell at his feet as though dead. Then he placed his right hand on me and said: "Do not be afraid. I am the First and the Last.
REV 22:20 He who testifies to these things says, "Yes, I am coming soon." Amen. Come, Lord Jesus.
REV 22:12 "Behold, I am coming soon! My reward is with me, and I will give to everyone according to what he has done.
REV 22:13 I am the Alpha and the Omega, the First and the Last, the Beginning and the End.
REV 22:3-5 No longer will there be any curse. The throne of God and of the Lamb will be in the city, and his servants will serve him. They will see his face, and his name will be on their foreheads. There will be no more night. They will not need the light of a lamp or the light of the sun, for the Lord God will give them light. And they will reign for ever and ever.
REV 21:10-11 And he carried me away in the Spirit to a mountain great and high, and showed me the Holy City, Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God. It shone with the glory of God, and its brilliance was like that of a very precious jewel, like a jasper, clear as crystal.
EPH 3:20-21 Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us, Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without end. Amen.
EPH 4:4-6 There is one body, and one Spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your calling; One Lord, one faith, one baptism, One God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you all.
EPH 3:14-19 For this reason I bow my knees before the Father, from whom every family in heaven and on earth derives its name, that He would grant you, according to the riches of His glory, to be strengthened with power through His Spirit in the inner man, so that Christ may dwell in your hearts through faith; and that you, being rooted and grounded in love, may be able to comprehend with all the saints what is the breadth and length and height and depth, and to know the love of Christ which surpasses knowledge, that you may be filled up to all the fullness of God.
EPH 4:14-16 As a result, we are no longer to be children, tossed here and there by waves and carried about by every wind of doctrine, by the trickery of men, by craftiness in deceitful scheming; but speaking the truth in love, we are to grow up in all aspects into Him who is the head, even Christ, from whom the whole body, being fitted and held together by what every joint supplies, according to the proper working of each individual part, causes the growth of the body for the building up of itself in love.
EPH 4:26 Be angry, and yet do not sin; do not let the sun go down on your anger,
EPH 4:32 Be kind to one another, tender-hearted, forgiving each other, just as God in Christ also has forgiven you.
2COR 12:10 Therefore I am well content with weaknesses, with insults, with distresses, with persecutions, with difficulties, for Christ's sake; for when I am weak, then I am strong.
PHIL 4:11 Not that I speak from want, for I have learned to be content in whatever circumstances I am.
HEB 13:5 Make sure that your character is free from the love of money, being content with what you have; for He Himself has said, "I will never desert you, nor will I ever forsake you,"
1SAM 17:45 David said to the Philistine, "You come against me with sword and spear and javelin, but I come against you in the name of the LORD Almighty, the God of the armies of Israel, whom you have defied.
PS 89:8 O LORD God Almighty, who is like you? You are mighty, O LORD, and your faithfulness surrounds you.
IS 5:16 But the LORD Almighty will be exalted by his justice, and the holy God will show himself holy by his righteousness.
IS 37:16 "O LORD Almighty, God of Israel, enthroned between the cherubim, you alone are God over all the kingdoms of the earth. You have made heaven and earth.
IS 51:15 For I am the LORD your God, who churns up the sea so that its waves roar-- the LORD Almighty is his name.
REV 1:8 "I am the Alpha and the Omega," says the Lord God, "who is, and who was, and who is to come, the Almighty."
IS 54:5 For your Maker is your husband-- the LORD Almighty is his name-- the Holy One of Israel is your Redeemer; he is called the God of all the earth.
REV 4:8 Each of the four living creatures had six wings and was covered with eyes all around, even under his wings. Day and night they never stop saying: "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty, who was, and is, and is to come."
EX 3:5-6 Then He said, "Do not draw near this place. Take your sandals off your feet, for the place where you stand is holy ground." Moreover He said, "I am the God of your father-the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob." And Moses hid his face, for he was afraid to look upon God.
EX 3:13-14 And Moses said unto God, Behold, when I come unto the children of Israel, and shall say unto them, The God of your fathers hath sent me unto you; and they shall say to me, What is his name? what shall I say unto them? And God said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I AM hath sent me unto you.
EX 4:2-3 And the LORD said unto him, What is that in thine hand? And he said, A rod. And he said, Cast it on the ground. And he cast it on the ground, and it became a serpent; and Moses fled from before it.
EX 6:2-3 And God spoke to Moses and said to him: "I am the Lord. "I appeared to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, as God Almighty, but by My name Lord I was not known to them.
EX 12:13 'Now the blood shall be a sign for you on the houses where you are. And when I see the blood, I will pass over you; and the plague shall not be on you to destroy you when I strike the land of Egypt.
EX 15:2 The Lord is my strength and song, And He has become my salvation; He is my God, and I will praise Him; My father's God, and I will exalt Him.
EX 15:7 And in the greatness of Your excellence You have overthrown those who rose against You; You sent forth Your wrath; It consumed them like stubble.
EX 15:11 "Who is like You, O Lord, among the gods? Who is like You, glorious in holiness, Fearful in praises, doing wonders?
EX 16:8 Also Moses said, "This shall be seen when the Lord gives you meat to eat in the evening, and in the morning bread to the full; for the Lord hears your complaints which you make against Him. And what are we? Your complaints are not against us but against the Lord."
EX 20:12 "Honor your father and your mother, that your days may be long upon the land which the Lord your God is giving you.
EX 20:7 "You shall not take the name of the Lord your God in vain, for the Lord will not hold him guiltless who takes His name in vain.
EX 20:2-5 "I am the Lord your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage. "You shall have no other gods before Me. "You shall not make for yourself a carved image, or any likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth; you shall not bow down to them nor serve them. For I, the Lord your God, am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers on the children to the third and fourth generations of those who hate Me,
EX 22:28 "You shall not revile God, nor curse a ruler of your people.
JOSH 5:13-14 And it came to pass, when Joshua was by Jericho, that he lifted his eyes and looked, and behold, a Man stood opposite him with His sword drawn in His hand. And Joshua went to Him and said to Him, "Are You for us or for our adversaries?" So He said, "No, but as Commander of the army of the Lord I have now come." And Joshua fell on his face to the earth and worshiped, and said to Him, "What does my Lord say to His servant?"
JOSH 1:9 "Have I not commanded you? Be strong and of good courage; do not be afraid, nor be dismayed, for the Lord your God is with you wherever you go."
JOSH 3:10-11 And Joshua said, "By this you shall know that the living God is among you, and that He will without fail drive out from before you the Canaanites and the Hittites and the Hivites and the Perizzites and the Girgashites and the Amorites and the Jebusites: "Behold, the ark of the covenant of the Lord of all the earth is crossing over before you into the Jordan.
PS 5:1 Give ear to my words, O Lord, Consider my meditation.
PS 31:5 Into Your hand I commit my spirit; You have redeemed me, O Lord God of truth.
PS 32:2 Blessed is the man to whom the Lord does not impute iniquity, And in whose spirit there is no deceit.
PS 34:18 The Lord is near to those who have a broken heart, And saves such as have a contrite spirit.
PS 51:10 Create in me a clean heart, O God, And renew a steadfast spirit within me.
PS 51:11 Do not cast me away from Your presence, And do not take Your Holy Spirit from me.
PS 51:12 Restore to me the joy of Your salvation, And uphold me by Your generous Spirit.
PS 51:17 The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit, A broken and a contrite heart-These, O God, You will not despise.
PS 104:1-4 Bless the Lord, O my soul! O Lord my God, You are very great: You are clothed with honor and majesty, Who cover Yourself with light as with a garment, Who stretch out the heavens like a curtain. He lays the beams of His upper chambers in the waters, Who makes the clouds His chariot, Who walks on the wings of the wind, Who makes His angels spirits, His ministers a flame of fire.
PS 104:29-30 You hide Your face, they are troubled; You take away their breath, they die and return to their dust. You send forth Your Spirit, they are created; And You renew the face of the earth.
PS 139:6-7 I said to the Lord: "You are my God; Hear the voice of my supplications, O Lord. Where can I go from Your Spirit? Or where can I flee from Your presence?
PS 37:12-13 The wicked plots against the just, And gnashes at him with his teeth. The Lord laughs at him, For He sees that his day is coming.
PS 44:22 Yet for Your sake we are killed all day long; We are accounted as sheep for the slaughter.
PS 126:2 Then our mouth was filled with laughter, And our tongue with singing. Then they said among the nations, "The Lord has done great things for them."
PS 86:15 But You, O Lord, are a God full of compassion, and gracious, Longsuffering and abundant in mercy and truth.
PS 103:8 The Lord is merciful and gracious, Slow to anger, and abounding in mercy.
EX 34:14 'for you shall worship no other god, for the Lord, whose name is Jealous, is a jealous God.
DEUT 4:24 "For the Lord your God is a consuming fire, a jealous God.
DEUT 5:9 you shall not bow down to them nor serve them. For I, the Lord your God, am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children to the third and fourth generations of those who hate Me,
2COR 11:2 For I am jealous for you with godly jealousy. For I have betrothed you to one husband, that I may present you as a chaste virgin to Christ.
JOB 1:20-21 Then Job arose, tore his robe, and shaved his head; and he fell to the ground and worshiped. And he said: "Naked I came from my mother's womb, And naked shall I return there. The Lord gave, and the Lord has taken away; Blessed be the name of the Lord."
JOB 26:6 Sheol is naked before Him, And Destruction has no covering.
HEB 4:12-13 For the word of God is living and powerful, and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the division of soul and spirit, and of joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. And there is no creature hidden from His sight, but all things are naked and open to the eyes of Him to whom we must give account.